We're gonna give you a quick exercise
to kind of bring this all together, and
then what we're gonna do after
that we're gonna move into things.
How do you actually type reducers,
how do you have context and
things of that nature?
So let's go take a look here,
we're gonna try to pull everything
that we've worked on together.
We have this application here, which is
going to asynchronously load, I mean,
it's truly a synchronous,
it is not really API.
It's gonna asynchronously load some dog
facts based on a form that we're gonna
do a submit event, so on and so forth.
You're gonna visit this sandbox
right here or it is under projects,
in dog facts, in the repo, if you wanna
just NPM install and spin it up locally.
If you wanna use those tools,
like whatever makes you happier,
what we wanna do is we'd love to select
some number of dog facts that we
would like as you can see right
now we can't do anything.
And then, what we wanna do is go fetch
them and they should load after the fact.